fix link, parser.y (#16611) (#16624)
pingcap/docs: expression-syntax.md

- ParamMarker (`?`), system variables, user variables and CASE expressions.

> The following rules are the expression syntax, which is based on the [`parser.y`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/master/pkg/parser/parser.y) rules of TiDB parser. For the navigable version of the following syntax diagram, refer to [TiDB SQL Syntax Diagram](https://pingcap.github.io/sqlgram/#Expression).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following rules are the expression syntax, which is based on the [`parser.y`](https://github.com/pingcap/tidb/blob/release-7.5/pkg/parser/parser.y) rules of TiDB parser. For the navigable version of the following syntax diagram, refer to [TiDB SQL Syntax Diagram](https://pingcap.github.io/sqlgram/#Expression).
```
